>28934759
Lung cancer is a major cause of death in HIV-infected (HIV+) persons. In this study, we compared the prevalence of tumour EGFR and KRAS mutations in a cohort of lung adenocarcinoma patients by HIV status.
>28934420
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected individuals are at increased risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD). Human immunodeficiency virus infection, traditional CKD risk factors, and combination antiretroviral therapy (cART) may all contribute.
>28934307
Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is the most common and lethal brain tumor in adults. It is known that amplification of the epidermal growth factor receptor gene (EGFR) occurs in approximately 40% of GBM, leading to enhanced activation of the EGFR signaling pathway and promoting tumor growth. Although GBM mutations are stably maintained in GBM in vitro models, rapid loss of EGFR gene amplification is a common observation during cell culture. To maintain EGFR amplification in vitro, heterotopic GBM xenografts with elevated EGFR copy number were cultured under varying serum conditions and EGF concentrations. EGFR copy numbers were assessed over several passages by quantitative PCR and chromogenic in situ hybridization. As expected, in control assays with 10% FCS, cells lost EGFR amplification with increasing passage numbers. However, cells cultured under serum free conditions stably maintained elevated copy numbers. Furthermore, EGFR protein expression positively correlated with genomic amplification levels. Although elevated EGFR copy numbers could be maintained over several passages in vitro, levels of EGFR amplification were variable and dependent on the EGF concentration in the medium. In vitro cultures of GBM cells with elevated EGFR copy number and corresponding EGFR protein expression should prove valuable preclinical tools to gain a better understanding of EGFR driven glioblastoma and assist in the development of new improved therapies.
>28934189
Calculating the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) using creatinine-based equations may underestimate cardiovascular risk. Cystatin C-based eGFR may be a stronger prognostic biomarker than creatinine-based eGFR when assessing cardiovascular outcomes and mortality. Our aim was to determine whether levels of serum cystatin C, as an estimator of GFR, had a higher predictive value than creatinine-based eGFR for incident cardiovascular disease among hypertensive patients. We retrospectively analyzed the records of 2016 hypertensive patients from the Hypertension Unit at Mostoles University Hospital between 2006 and 2016. We calculated the eGFR using 3 CKD-EPI equations. The outcomes we included in our study were cardiovascular death, non-cardiovascular death, stroke, incident heart failure, and myocardial infarction. We used the Cox regression hazard model to estimate the hazard ratio. Our analysis found that, in terms of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, both cystatin C-based eGFR (HR 2.88, 95% CI 1.86-4.47, P<0.0001) showed a higher prognostic value than creatinine-based eGFR (HR 2.83, 95% CI 1.73-4.63, P<0.0001). In terms of all-cause mortality, cystatin C-based eGFR (HR 4.24, 95% CI 2.38-7.53, P<0.0001) showed a higher prognostic value than creatinine-based eGFR (HR 2.77, 95% CI 1.43-5.36, P<0.0001). Our findings suggest that both cystatin C-based eGFRs may be stronger predictors of all-cause mortality and cardiovascular events in our hypertensive cohort when compared to creatinine-based eGFR, and may improve the risk assessment in certain populations.Journal of Human Hypertension advance online publication, 21 September 2017; doi:10.1038/jhh.2017.68.
>28933781
It has been reported that an increase in urinary albumin excretion (UAE) within the normal range could be a risk factor for incident hypertension. However, it remains unclear how the subtle increases in UAE and renal function interact in the development of hypertension. We examined the modification of UAE as a risk factor for incident hypertension by glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in the Japanese population. We prospectively followed 1281 normotensive individuals from Watari town (34.3% men; mean age, 58.012.3 years old) whose UAE was <30mgg(-1) Cr. Hypertension was diagnosed as a systolic blood pressure (BP)140mmHg and/or a diastolic BP90mmHg, or antihypertensive medication use. The relationship between sex-specific quartiles of UAE and incident hypertension was examined with Cox proportional hazard analysis. During a mean follow-up of 3.7 years, 315 individuals developed hypertension. Multivariate Cox proportional hazard analysis revealed that a subtle increase in UAE was a risk factor for incident hypertension, but there was a significant interaction between UAE and estimated GFR (eGFR) (P=0.018). The risk of incident hypertension dose dependently increased in the highest eGFR quartile (90mlmin(-1) per 1.73m(2)). Decline in renal function alone increased the risk of incident hypertension but the increased risk with a subtle increase in UAE became smaller and less clear in the lower eGFR quartiles. The present data suggest that UAE as a risk factor for incident hypertension is largely dependent on eGFR levels.Hypertension Research advance online publication, 21 September 2017; doi:10.1038/hr.2017.77.
>28933630
Gel microdroplet - fluorescence activated cell sorting (GMD-FACS) is an innovative high throughput screening platform for recombinant protein libraries, and we show here that GMD-FACS can overcome many of the limitations associated with conventional screening methods for antibody libraries. For example, phage and cell surface display benefit from exceptionally high throughput, but generally require high quality, soluble antigen target and necessitate the use of anchored antibody fragments. In contrast, the GMD-FACS assay can screen for soluble, secreted, full-length IgGs at rates of several thousand clones per second, and the technique enables direct screening against membrane protein targets in their native cellular context. In proof-of-concept experiments, rare anti-EGFR antibody clones were efficiently enriched from a 10,000-fold excess of anti-CCR5 clones in just three days. Looking forward, GMD-FACS has the potential to contribute to antibody discovery and engineering for difficult targets, such as ion channels and G protein-coupled receptors.
>28933590
Macroautophagy/autophagy is an intracellular stress survival and recycling system whereas phagocytosis internalizes material from the extracellular milieu; yet, both pathways utilize lysosomes for cargo degradation. Whereas autophagy occurs in all cells, phagocytosis is performed by cell types such as macrophages and the retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cells of the eye where it is supported by the noncanonical autophagy process termed LC3-associated phagocytosis (LAP). Autophagy and LAP are distinct pathways that use many of the same mediators and must compete for cellular resources, suggesting that cells may regulate both processes under homeostatic and stress conditions. Our data reveal that RPE cells promote LAP through the expression of RUBCN/Rubicon (RUN domain and cysteine-rich domain containing Beclin 1-interacting protein) and suppress autophagy through the activation of EGFR (epidermal growth factor receptor). In the morning when photoreceptor outer segments (POS) phagocytosis and LAP are highest, RUBCN expression is increased. At the same time, outer segment phagocytosis activates the EGFR resulting in MTOR (mechanistic target of rapamycin [serine/threonine kinase]) stimulation, the accumulation of SQSTM1/p62, and the phosphorylation of BECN1 (beclin 1, autophagy related) on an inhibitory residue thereby suppressing autophagy. Silencing Rubcn, preventing EGFR activity or directly inducing autophagy in RPE cells by starvation inhibits phagocytic degradation of POS. Thus, RPE cells regulate lysosomal pathways during the critical period of POS phagocytosis to support retinal homeostasis.
>28933339
Outcomes of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and lupus nephritis (LN) are highly heterogeneous among some populations because of interactions between genetic, epigenetic, environmental, and socioeconomic factors. A better characterization of social and ethnic disparities in mixed populations may thus help to develop individualized treatment regimens.
>28933335
TTF-1 is widely used as a marker in routine surgical pathology in the work-up of malignancy. Aberrant expression of TTF-1 in extrapulmonary and extrathyroidal malignancies is a frequently reported phenomenon. In addition to the recently characterized pituicyte-derived tumors of the sella, immunoreactivity has been reported in diffuse gliomas with the SPT24 clone. Here, we sought to evaluate TTF-1 expression with three commercially available clones in a large series of gliomas. Expression was compared across the newly defined diagnostic entities in the 2016 WHO Classification of CNS Tumors. Using tissue microarrays (TMA), 212 diffuse gliomas (WHO grades II-IV) were systematically evaluated with TTF-1 immunohistochemistry using three clones: SPT24, 8G7G3/1, and SP141, and results correlated with clinicopathologic features. 14 high-grade diffuse gliomas demonstrated nuclear staining with the SP141 and SPT24 clones. Two tumors showed weak positivity with the 8G7G3/1 clone. All tumors were high grade by histology (WHO grades III and IV). 86% (12/14) of TTF-1-positive gliomas involved the frontal lobes at diagnosis. No relationship with IDH R132H, ATRX, p53, H3K27M, or EGFR immunohistochemistry was identified. TTF-1 expression in gliomas was not independently prognostic of overall survival. TTF-1 expression in diffuse gliomas is a rare but potentially misleading occurrence. In our cohort, staining occurred with both the SPT24 and SP141 clones at equal intensity and frequency. Clustering of TTF-1-positive tumors in the frontal lobe(s) suggests lineage-specific expression. Due to clone-specific expression in diffuse gliomas, caution must be exercised in the work-up of intracranial tumors with TTF-1..
>28932588
Thymic carcinoma is a rare, aggressive disease with a low 5-year survival rate. The most common histological neoplastic thymic tumor subtype is squamous cell. We describe an interesting case of a 39-year-old woman who presented with mucinous adenocarcinoma that originated in the thymus and was treated via radical resection and venoplasty of the superior vena cava (SVC). Macroscopically, the resected tumor contained a solid region and multiple cysts with abundant mucin. Microscopic examination showed a papillary growth pattern of goblet cells with round nuclei. Based on the histopathological and immunohistochemical findings and other inspections, the tumor was eventually diagnosed as a mucinous adenocarcinoma of the thymus. It was classified as Masaoka-Koga stage III owing to tumor invasion into the left brachiocephalic vein and pericardium. Polymerase chain reaction identified a Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog (KRAS) G12V mutation in the tumor. There were no mutations in the epidermal growth factor (EGFR) gene or a fusion gene of the echinoderm microtubule-associated protein-like 4 (EML4) and the anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK). A year later, multiple lung metastases were detected, and the patient underwent chemotherapy. She is alive 34 months after the initial surgery. This is the first report of a KRAS mutation-positive mucinous adenocarcinoma originating in the thymus. The treatment, diagnosis, and pathological findings of the patient are discussed.
